You can find all the code and necessary support files at: wmpg/Spectral-CAMO: Summer 2021 Meteor Project (github.com). I believe this is a private repository so Denis may need to add you as a collaborator when he returns from vacation, but I'm pretty sure you should be able to at least see and download the code. 

I went through and documented as much of the library as I could today, so I hope the functions are clear. I thought I had wrapped up the library, but in my last few week I was focused a lot on the GUI and didn't realize there were still two parts of the library to complete (I tried to work on it these last two weeks, but I was in need of some help and I was too late to catch Denis before he went on vacation - hopefully with his assistance, these two items won't take very long). 

In short, the parts that are completed are: reading in the calibration files, all the variable definitions, C-type classifications of variables, C-type function definitions, and python-wrapping of model spectra calculation functions (i.e. calculation of extinction, fitting coefficients, activating elements). 

The two parts that I couldn't figure out were a) the 'run simulation' portion (the last function needed to run everything, I tried looking at the example from the GuralTrajectory.py library but I wasn't sure exactly how to write it for the CAMO-S library), and b) as a result, the example section at the end. Unfortunately, because I didn't get far enough to use the library, I suspect I've missed a few things here and there, but hopefully what I've done is a solid foundation for you to work with. My sincere apologies for thinking everything was completed - I had finished wrapping the functions, so I got ahead of myself. 

If things are confusing, please don't hesitate to reach out. I'd be happy to arrange a time to meet with you if you have further questions or need more clarification on anything. I also found the drivers to be quite helpful when I wasn't sure what was going on, Pete put a lot of work into that!